docs(changelog): release 2.1.3 (#905)
canonical/craft-parts: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
*********

2.1.3 (2024-11-20)
------------------

Bug fixes:

- Fixed an issue where the ``poetry`` plugin would still try to install poetry

>   from the package repositories with a ``poetry-deps`` dependency declared.

Reviewer: Can we simplify the grammar with:

```suggestion
  from the package repositories when ``poetry-deps`` was declared as a
  dependency
```

Author: Done!

> - Fixed an issue where the ``poetry`` plugin would still try to install poetry
>   from the package repositories with a ``poetry-deps`` dependency declared.
> 
> Documentation:
> 
> - Added some missing references in the
>   :doc:`Poetry plugin</common/craft-parts/reference/plugins/poetry_plugin>` and
>   :doc:`Python plugin</common/craft-parts/reference/plugins/python_plugin>` pages.
> - Fixed a broken link in the :doc:`Tutorial examples</tutorials/examples>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an issue where the ``poetry`` plugin would still try to install poetry
  from the package repositories with a ``poetry-deps`` dependency declared.

Documentation:

- Add some missing references in the
  :doc:`Poetry plugin</common/craft-parts/reference/plugins/poetry_plugin>` and
  :doc:`Python plugin</common/craft-parts/reference/plugins/python_plugin>` pages.
- Fix a broken link in the :doc:`Tutorial examples</tutorials/examples>`.
```

Author: Done!
